# FF30-Project
FF30

In this project, I created a website that introduces our FF30 movie festival work - NYUAD 2022 Fashion Show. This website is consisting of three different pages. For the first page, I included the title of our project, the introductory sentences, and a gif of three moving shots of our production. I decided to use this gif as the main part of my first page because compared with other people's videos, our videos have a very special property-it is vertical. Therefore, I think it would be really cool if we can view the different angles at the same time and put those angles together in the form of a jigsaw. Even though it took me a while to figure out how to upload a gif file into my HTML file, the overall presentation is satisfying. For the second page, I inserted our video and gives people insights of what are the highlights of our video. In my perspective, the point of having a website that comes with our video is to provide more information that helps the viewers to understand the background story and ideas of our video productions. Therefore, in our highlights section, I specifically clarify some interesting facts that people can learn from our video while they are watching it. In the end, I created a comment section where people can leave a comment for our team so that we can revise our website in the future. 

As a total beginner of both HTML and CSS, this project is really challenging for me. Starting from the basic skills like adding text to my site and changing the font, I spent a lot of time studying how to download font styles from the internet and use them in my project. After that, I also had a hard time creating the comment section and the javascript clock on top of the first page. But I solved those problems one by one with the help of resources including W3School and Youtube channels like Tyler Potts and Web Dev Simplified. I also gained some help from my classmate Edgar to make my navigation bar more organized. However, there are still things that I need to work on in the future to improve the design of this project. Right now, most of the elements in the website are having absolute positions, which means the layout of the website will be broken down if the viewer is not viewing my website on full screen. In the future, I will learn more about how to use flex as my position and design my website to be more adaptable to other devices.
